[docs] Update debugging tools to remove outdated info about `sentry-expo` (#30094)
expo/expo: docs/pages/debugging/tools.mdx

## Debugging production apps with Sentry

In reality, apps often ship with bugs. Implementing a crash and bug reporting system in your production app is essential. It ensures that if any user hits fatal JavaScript errors (or any event you have configured), you can see the details. Sentry provides a crash reporting system with real-time insights into production deployments.

> You can add Sentry to your Expo project. It gathers crash data and alerts you about other events. You can also configure source maps. They make stack traces in Sentry readable, like your code in your editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add Sentry to your Expo project. It gathers crash data and alerts you about other events. You can also configure source maps. They make stack traces in Sentry deobfuscated and more readable.
```

Just a suggestion, not sure if the code editor analogy is needed in there.

Author: Sounds good to me. Great point!
